README.md, before:

# Implementing-Programming-Languages
A dive into implementing interpreters and programming languages in OCaml, taking a look at the specific implementation features that dictate languages from the "inside". Includes functional, imperative, untyped, dynamically typed, and statically typed languages.

Resources for the labs, projects, and assessments can be found at the following links
- [Course Website](https://mvanier.github.io/cs131/2023/book/)
- [Course Textbook: Programming Languages: Build, Prove, and Compare](https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Languages-Build-Prove-Compare/dp/110718018X/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=Programming+Languages+Build+Prove+and+Compare&link_code=qs&qid=1680678819&sourceid=Mozilla-search&sr=8-1&ufe=app_do%3Aamzn1.fos.006c50ae-5d4c-4777-9bc0-4513d670b6bc)

## Grade Received: A+

## Caltech's Honor Code
"No member of the Caltech community shall take unfair advantage of any other member of the Caltech community."

For any students currently enrolled in this course, the files in this repository are subject to Caltech's Honor Code and as such, should not be referenced until completing the course.

Commit message:

Updated README with Drafted Compile Instructions

README.md, after:

# Implementing-Programming-Languages
A dive into implementing interpreters and programming languages in OCaml, taking a look at the specific implementation features that dictate languages from the "inside". Includes functional, imperative, untyped, dynamically typed, and statically typed languages.

Resources for the labs, projects, and assessments can be found at the following links
- [Course Website](https://mvanier.github.io/cs131/2023/book/)
- [Course Textbook: Programming Languages: Build, Prove, and Compare](https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Languages-Build-Prove-Compare/dp/110718018X/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=Programming+Languages+Build+Prove+and+Compare&link_code=qs&qid=1680678819&sourceid=Mozilla-search&sr=8-1&ufe=app_do%3Aamzn1.fos.006c50ae-5d4c-4777-9bc0-4513d670b6bc)

## Grade Received: A+

## Compile Instructions
Each lab folder is an individual project that contains an implementation of a language in OCaml.
- lab1: imp
- lab2: µscheme (uscheme)
- lab3: µscheme+ (uscheme_plus)
TODO add descriptions for each language: Data types supported, type systems (statically vs dynamically), implementation details (evaluation rules; big arrows or small arrows)

To compile any of the languages, cd into the appropriate "lab_" folder.
  1. cd into the "sexpr" folder for that lab and run make.
  1. cd into the folder with the same name as the language and run make.
  1. To open the terminal compiler (TODO get this name later), run "rlwrap ./___language_name___"
  1. To run the tests, run "make test" from the same folder as step 2.

## Caltech's Honor Code
"No member of the Caltech community shall take unfair advantage of any other member of the Caltech community."

For any students currently enrolled in this course, the files in this repository are subject to Caltech's Honor Code and as such, should not be referenced until completing the course.
